---
title: Budibase is ISO 27001 certified
description: Budibase achieves ISO 27001:2022 certification to further strengthen commitment to security  – Budibase
type: blog
layout: single
profilePic: https://res.cloudinary.com/daog6scxm/image/upload/v1639747995/cms/joe_illustration_gray_bg_e97wdl.jpg
image: https://res.cloudinary.com/daog6scxm/image/upload/v1696344928/cms/updates/iso_p6r5go.png
date: "2023-10-04"
author: Joe Johnston
draft: false

---

Today, we’re excited to announce we are officially ISO 27001:2022 (ISO 27001) certified. This further strengthens our commitments to security in Budibase's low-code platform.

- **We're committed to keeping your data safe:** ISO 27001 provides a framework for establishing, implementing, operating, monitoring, reviewing, and maintaining information security controls.
- **We're committed to ongoing compliance:** As part of our adherence to ISO 27001, we’ll continue with ongoing surveillance audits.



## What is ISO 27001?

To obtain the certification, we underwent rigorous audits performed by an independent third-party auditor, [NQA](https://www.nqa.com/), who evaluated the effectiveness of our Information Security Management System (ISMS) implementation across various domains. You can [view our certificate on the UKAS website](https://certcheck.ukas.com/certified-entity/99f6c395-efc1-554d-bd1b-aa7045786af9) .

ISO 27001:2022 is the international standard that provides a framework for Information Security Management Systems (ISMS) to provide continued confidentiality, integrity and availability of information as well as legal compliance. ISO 27001 certification is essential for protecting your most vital assets like employee and client information, brand image and other private information. The ISO standard includes a process-based approach to initiating, implementing, operating and maintaining your ISMS.

Achieving accredited ISO 27001 certification shows that Budibase is dedicated to the best practices of information security. 

## Why security matters

Security is fundamental in successful low-code adoption. We continue to be dedicated to providing robust solutions that empower your organization to build and deploy workflows securely. 

With our ISO 27001 certification, Budibase's global customer base can build and deploy workflows with confidence. This latest accreditation further solidifies the company's position as a trusted partner in providing innovative tech solutions for industries ranging from defence, healthcare, logistics, and more.

As we envision the future of low-code, security remains at the forefront. To continue offering and optimizing workflows and positive digital experiences, we look forward to maintaining our security certifications and expanding our compliance certifications. By securing every step, we bring that security mindset to how we work.



Akkurat
