---
date: "2021-01-12"
title: Build a Directory App | Budibase | Low-Code Platform
description: Budibase is the fast, cost-effective way to build a directory app. Use our free low-code platform to build custom tools in as little as five minutes.
cover: "/homepage-meta.png"
draft: false
type: solutions/directories
layout: single
---

### What is a directory app?
Directory apps are used to store, manage, and share important information and contact details of different individuals and companies. For example, businesses often need a central record of their employees, suppliers, customers, or other stakeholders. Alternatively, industry associations or local business groups might need a directory for their members or other companies in their area. The goal is to ensure that sharing and accessing information is as quick and easy as possible.

### Why build a low-code directory?
Low-code development completely shifted the equation when it comes to building custom tools. Gone are the days of time-consuming, costly custom builds. With Budibase, you can build and deploy directory apps, in minutes. Our low-code platform is the smart choice for building feature-packed apps that deliver return on investment. Don’t settle for subpar solutions. At Budibase, we empower our users to build the perfect tools for their needs, with minimal coding skills.

### How secure is Budibase?
Budibase is built for security. With custom RBAC, free SSO, and self-hosting, businesses of all sizes choose our tools to protect their data. Create public and private screens, or use conditionality rules to control which users can access different elements of your directory. Secure your Budibase apps with a range of authentication standards, including OAuth and OpenID.

### Can I host Budibase tools on my own infrastructure?
Our users have total control over how they deploy and host their tools. Deploy Budibase apps to your own infrastructure using Kubernetes, Docker, or Digital Ocean. Businesses around the world choose self-hosting for maximum security, flexibility, and customization. We also offer our own cloud-based deployment platform. Budibase Cloud is the perfect choice for reliability, convenience, and simplicity. Build your perfect app, and deploy it to the cloud in just a few clicks.

### What kind of tools can I build?
Budibase users constantly amaze us with the innovative tools they build using our platform. With autogenerated screens, external data support, third-party integrations, and more, Budibase is the perfect solution for building all kinds of CRUD apps. Build a directory app to manage information on clients, colleagues, employees, vendors, and stakeholders of all kinds.
Check out our range of [free app templates](https://budiabse.com/templates) to see what Budibase can do.


### How quickly can I build a directory app with Budibase?
Choose Budibase to build for unrivaled functionality, build times, and development experiences. Simply connect your data, autogenerate app screens, and configure automations, with no need for custom code. Say goodbye to laborious custom developments. With Budibase, building a deployment-ready custom directory app takes minutes, not months. We’re changing the way businesses build custom tools. [Sign up and start using Budibase today](https://account.budibase.app/register).