---
date: 2022-03-03
title: Low Code for Professional Services Automation | Budibase
description: Budibase is the smart choice for low-code professional services automation. Our open-source platform is the fast, cost-effective way to digitize admin processes.
image: 
- /homepage-meta.png
draft: true
type: "industries/professional-services"
layout: single
---

#### What is professional services automation software?
Digital tools are used to automate a huge range of professional services tasks. This includes everything from client communications, to internal processes, project management, approval workflows, and more. The goal is to ensure that businesses processes are as streamlined and efficient as possible. Automation tools allow service-based companies to identify pain points, inefficiencies, and opportunities for improvement, minimizing operational costs.

#### Why use low-code for professional services automation?
Low-code tools have revolutionized app development. Our platform allows businesses to build fully custom, feature-packed tools, at a fraction of the cost of traditional development. Every service business has unique processes and workflows. Off-the-shelf solutions are unlikely to be suitable. Low-code tools, like Budibase, empower businesses to build effective custom solutions, without prohibitive costs.

#### Can I self-host Budibase tools?
Businesses around the world choose Budibase for our flexible hosting options. We support self-hosting, through Kubernetes, Docker, Docker Compose, Digital Ocean, and more. We also offer our own cloud-based platform. At Budibase, we empower our business users to deploy their tools, wherever and however they want.

#### Can I build a tool for…?
Our users use Budibase to build an amazing range of tools. We offer autogenerated screens, external data support, built-in automations, data visualization, and beautiful forms Create a wide variety of custom apps, in a matter of minutes. Our low-code platform is the perfect solution for managing projects, client relationships, admin workflows, approval processes, and more.

#### Are Budibase tools secure?
Budibase is the smart choice for building secure low-code apps. With optional self-hosting, custom RBAC, and free SSO, you have complete control over who can access your application data. We also offer support for authentication standards, including OAuth and OpenID.

#### How quickly can I build an app?
Build fully deployable apps, in as little as five minutes. Connect your data, and use Budibase to build professional services automation software, in just a few clicks. We offer a range of automations, integrations, and intuitive design tools, for speedy deployment.Check out our range of free [app templates](https://budibase.com/templates) for inspiration.