+++
datasource = "Built-in Database"
date = 2022-03-22T00:00:00Z
description = "Use our free membership directory template is to gather, store, and manage members’ information, contact details, and more."
destination = "https://budibase.app/builder?template=app/membership-directory"
images = []
label = "Membership Directory"
layout = "single"
preview = "https://res.cloudinary.com/daog6scxm/image/upload/v1647941479/cms/Membership_Directory_GIF_ab0si6.gif"
summary = "Gather, store, and access members’ data, contact information, addresses, and more."
thumbnail = "https://res.cloudinary.com/daog6scxm/image/upload/v1647941469/cms/Membership_Directory_Thumbnail_bxqjca.png"
thumbnailColor = "forestgreen"
title = "Membership Directory Template | Budibase | Low-Code Platform"
type = "templates"
icon = "/img/icon/app.svg"

+++
Manage data, share information, and automate repetitive tasks with our innovative low-code platform. Budibase is the smart way to cut operating costs and boost productivity for all kinds of membership organizations.

Use our free template as a fully deployable solution, or customize it to meet your specific requirements.

## What is a membership directory?

As the name suggests, a membership directory is a centralized record of all of your members’ information. Users can then access, view, add, edit, or delete different members’ details. The goal is to ensure an up-to-date and accurate dataset while minimizing admin burdens.

Depending on your particular needs, this might be used by internal users, the general public, or by members themselves.

In any case, directories are used to provide efficient access to accurate contact information about members of an organization or company.

### Why build a dedicated directory tool?

Of course, many companies manage membership information without dedicated tools. Most often, this means relying on spreadsheets to update, maintain, and manage members’ data.

However, this approach presents numerous difficulties, including poor user experiences, lack of portability, avoidable human error, and unnecessary security risks.

Dedicated tools offer superior usability, functionality, security, and reliability. With a custom solution based on our free membership directory template, your users will enjoy a fast, efficient way to search, access, and manage critical data.

### What should a member directory include?

Directories are simple [CRUD tools](https://budibase.com/blog/crud-app/), that are used to create, read, update, and delete data. This means that they’re built around two elements:

1. A data layer, for storing members’ information, like names addresses, and phone numbers.
2. A front-end interface, for carrying out CRUD actions.

Crucially, this means that users can access and manipulate data through the app’s front-end, without the need for specialist technical skills. For example, a member of your support team might need to create a new member, or change an existing member’s contact details.

The most effective directory tools offer extra functionality for creating smooth, efficient internal workflows. This includes custom automation rules, third-party integrations, advanced data filtering, and more.

## Our membership directory template

Our member directory template is built for maximum efficiency and usability. We’ve created a simple app for all aspects of membership management. Say goodbye to time-consuming manual admin tasks users can easily create and manage entries, in seconds.

Right out of the box, our template offers:

* Complete customization.
* Tailored workflows.
* Process automation.
* Intuitive UIs.
* Access control.
* Conditionality rules.
* Responsive design.
* Flexible hosting.
* Simple CRUD actions.
* Dynamic filtering.

Use our free template as a deployable solution, or customize and perfect it to meet your unique needs.

### Intuitive directory UIs

We’ve built our template around a simple single-screen interface. With no cluttered navigation, all app actions can be performed in just a few clicks. Users can search, filter, add, edit, or delete data, in seconds.

Use simple buttons and form components to perform all kinds of CRUD actions.

With modal forms, conditional UIs, and clear CTAs, our template is the easy, streamlined way to manage and access member data.

### Custom data fields

Our template’s data layer is completely customizable. Add, remove, or edit any data fields, to collect the exact right membership information. Change data fields in your app’s back-end, and use autogenerated screens and form fields to update UIs, in seconds.

Budibase offers a wide range of powerful data types, including numerical, textual, and boolean fields, as well as Markdown, formula, JSON, attachment, option-picker, and relationship variables.

Create custom formula variables using handlebars expressions, or our built-in JavaScript editor.

### User-friendly CRUD actions

Perform CRUD actions at the press of a button. With Budibase, managing data has never been easier. We’ve provided two easily accessible modal screens for creating, reading, updating, and deleting membership information.

Our _create_ and _edit_ forms offer a smooth and intuitive user experience for adding or updating data. We’ve used clear, unambiguous labels to ensure all data is accurate and consistent.

We’ve also used simple conditional formatting and persistent app states to maximize usability. On-screen elements automatically update, based on user actions, to ensure the cleanest possible UIs, without compromising on functionality.

### Searchability and filtering

Our template offers advanced searchability and data filtering capability. We’ve added a _dynamic filter_ component to the app’s primary directory table. Quickly define and use custom rules to find specific entries.

Search and filter entries using any combination of variables. Set complex rules using numerical, textual, or boolean expressions to sort through even the largest of datasets.

Budibase puts the information your users need, right at their fingertips.

### Role-based access control

Control how different users interact with your directory app using role-based access control. Assign permissions to individual users based on their role, location, seniority, and more. Restrict screens, data, and components to any permission tier, at the click of a button.

Display, hide or update entire screens based on the current user’s permission tier. We’ve used Budibase’s RBAC and conditional UIs to restrict _edit_ forms to admin users.

Ensure maximum usability and security, by granting each user the exact level of access they need.

### Responsive design

Our membership directory template works beautifully across mobile, desktop, and tablet devices. Budibase components are fully responsive, automatically scaling to fit on users’ screens.

Set conditionality rules to update, hide, or display any element based on the current user’s device, for fully tailored mobile UXs.

Mobile-friendliness is crucial for app adoption. Maximize your usage metrics, by giving your team a tool they can use anywhere, on any device.

### Conditionality

Budibase offers advanced conditionality rules. Create powerful, intuitive UIs by applying custom rules to any app component. Display, hide or update components based on user actions, back-end data, and more.

Apply conditionality rules to individual table columns, form fields, containers, buttons, and more, for truly streamlined user experiences.

Create truncated mobile UIs, or update form fields based on user inputs, ensuring maximum accuracy when gathering data.

## Manage memberships with Budibase

Budibase is changing the way businesses build custom tools, forever. Our low-code platform offers unrivaled customization, functionality, and expediency.

Organizations around the world choose Budibase for:

* Open-source design.
* Scalability.
* Quick deployment.
* Customizable RBAC.
* Self-hosting.
* Mobile-friendly apps.
* Security.
* Automation.
* Integrations.
* Free SSO.
* External data support.
* Simple design tools.
* Built-in JavaScript editor.

Say goodbye to paying excessive fees for custom developments. With Budibase, you can build fully deployable apps, in as little as five minutes.

### Open-source, low-code directory apps

We’re building the world’s largest ecosystem of open-source tools. With our intuitive low-code platform, custom builds take minutes, not months. Budibase is the fast, cost-effective way to build a membership directory.

We also offer support arrangements and SLAs for power users. Take a look at our [pricing page](https://budibase.com/pricing) to find out more.

### Centralize existing data

Build Budibase tools around existing datasets, using Postgres, MySQL, MSSQL, S3, Airtable, MongoDB, CouchDB, REST API, and more. Create low-code interfaces to call, query, and manipulate existing data, with simple user actions.

Build a data layer from scratch using BudibaseDB, or upload CSV files to centralize existing spreadsheet data.

### Deploy and host

Self-host our membership directory template or deploy in seconds using Budibase Cloud. Our users enjoy unrivaled flexibility for hosting and deployment. Host our tools on your own servers with Digital Ocean, Docker, and Kubernetes.

With a range of hosting options, Budibase is the smart choice for building [web applications](https://budibase.com/blog/web-application-development/) and [internal tools](https://budibase.com/internal-tools).

### Custom automations

Budibase is built to streamline operations. Create custom automation rules, at the click of a button. Use our built-in automation library, JavaScript editor, Handlebars expressions, [third-party integrations](https://budibase.com/integration), and formula variables to seamlessly digitalize admin tasks.

Once you’ve defined your automation rules, assign any in-app action or back-end event as a trigger.

### Third-party integrations

Budibase tools connect seamlessly to countless external apps, using Zapier, Webhooks, REST API, and more. Use external app triggers for internal automations, or use in-app actions to control tasks in third-party tools.

Connect our membership directory template to [admin panels](https://budibase.com/admin-panels), [approval apps](https://budibase.com/approval-apps), [portals](https://budibase.com/portals), CRMs, and more, for maximum functionality across your entire software stack.

### Security

Major organizations choose Budibase to maximize security. Secure your members’ data with custom RBAC, optional self-hosting, free SSO, and more. Control exactly how and when users can access different data, screens, and app features.

Budibase also supports a range of authentication tools, including OpenID and OAuth.

## Start using Budibase today

Budibase is the perfect solution for busy development teams. Don’t settle for ineffective off-the-shelf tools. With our low-code platform, you can build a fully functional directory app, in under five minutes.

Use our template as a deployment-ready solution, or customize it to your heart’s content.

To start using our free membership directory app today, simply click below.