---
date: 2022-02-11
title: Low-Code Legal Management Software | Budibase
description: Budibase is the smart choice for building legal management software. Our open-source, low-code platform is ideal for automating all kinds of admin tasks in the legal industry.
cover: "/homepage-meta.png"
draft: false
type: "industries/legal"
layout: single
---

#### What is legal workflow automation?
Legal workflow automation means using digital tools to eliminate manual admin tasks. This can include anything, from communications to paperwork, client management, analysis, and more. The goal is to make your internal processes as streamlined and cost-effective as possible. Automations allow legal departments to identify pain points, roadblocks, and improvement opportunities, boosting profitability and return on investment. 

#### Why use low-code tools to build legal software?
Low-code tools have transformed software development, forever. Say goodbye to settling for off-the-shelf solutions, or paying excessive development fees for custom builds. With Budibase, you can build bespoke solutions, at a fraction of the cost. Every business in the legal industry has unique workflows. Budibase allows you to build automations that perfectly match your internal processes, in minutes.

#### Can I self-host Budibase tools?
At Budibase, we empower our users to deploy their tools to their own infrastructure. Self-host your legal process management tools using Kubernetes, Docker, Docker Compose, Digital Ocean, and more. We also offer our own proprietary Budibase Cloud hosting platform.

####  Is Budibase secure?
Budibase is trusted by countless organizations around the world. We offer optional self-hosting, custom RBAC, and a range of other security features. Budibase is the smart way to keep even the most sensitive data safe. Budibase features free SSO across all of your tools, as well as support for OAuth and OpenID. We also provide SLAs and enterprise support packages. Check out our pricing page for more information.

#### What kind of tools can I build with Budibase?
Budibase offers incredible flexibility, functionality, and customization. Our users never cease to amaze us with the tools they create. Use autogenerated screens, external data support, and powerful automations to build all kinds of tools for the legal sector.
Our users choose Budibase to build a massive array of tools. Use Budibase to quickly build charts, analytics screens, tables, [multi-step forms](https://budibase.com/forms), and admin tools, in seconds. Our intuitive low-code platform offers autogenerated screens, built-in automations, and simple design tools. Budibase is the smart way to build everything from vendor management tools to inventory software, [admin panels](https://budibase.com/admin-panels), [approval apps](https://budibase.com/approval-apps), and more.

#### How quickly can I build an app?
With Budibase, you can build fully functional custom legal software, in as little as five minutes. With autogenerated screens, intuitive design tools, and a range of custom automations, it’s never been easier to build software.
Check out our range of free [app templates](https://budibase.com/templates) for inspiration..

